 Requirements for developing topics page:
 `1.create navigation bar
  2.maintain heading
  3.6 images related to topics.
  4.When ever we are clicking on image it goes to instructions page(onclick event).
  
  i)Navigation bar: 
    1.It is created by using bootstrap.It is developed by using <nav class="navbar navbar-default navbar-fixed-top"> tag.By using this class automatically it generates the 
	  navigation bar and it is fixed at top.Take div tag with class "container".The use of this class is it align the navigation bar content to center.Inside the div tag 
	  create another div tag with class "navbar-header".In this div use anchor tag (inside that use image tag )to link its destination(login page) when ever click on image.
	2.To add links to the nav bar simply add the unordered list(ul) with classes nav,navbar-nav.Inside that create list elements home,topics,aboutus.now we are in topics
	  page so it would be in active state.when ever we are clicking on home page it will goes to main.html it is done by using <a> tag.similarly aboutus also lyk that only.
	3.One profile dropdown is created to the tight of the nav bar by using navbar-right class.By clicking on dropdown show the list of elements settings,viewprofile,logout.
      when ever we are clicking on logout it will goes to login page by using anchor tag.But in case of settings,view profile use href="#" then there is no effect we are
      clicking on it it will stay in taht page only.
  ii)Heading:
    1.Tke div tag with class "container".Inside that make a heading "Topics" by using <h2>tag.
  iii)insert images:
    1.By using grid system create two rows.Each row having 3 columns these become responsive by using col-md,col-xs,col-sm,col-lg.
    2.Use card class.inside that one add image tag and text tag.
  iv)Onclick:
     whenever we are clicking on image it invokes onclick event.It calls the fun() method.By using window.loction.href it goes to instructiion page.
	 
	 iii & iv th steps are repeated for 2 times.
	 